README.md, before:

# cdk-lambda-subminute
This construct creates a state machine that can invoke a Lambda function per time unit which can be less than one minute. You only need to craft a Lambda function and then assign it as an argument into the construct. An example is included.  
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)  
[![Build](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/build.yml) [![Release](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/workflows/Release/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/release.yml)  
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://pypi.org/) [![pip](https://img.shields.io/badge/pip%20install-cdk--lambda--subminute-blue)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-lambda-subminute/)  
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk-lambda-subminute) [![pypi evrsion](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-lambda-subminute/) [![Maven](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.hsiehshujeng/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://search.maven.org/) [![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Lambda.Subminute)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Lambda.Subminute/)  

# Serverless Architecture  
![image](/images/cdk_lambda_subminute.png)  

# Introduction  
This construct library is reffered to thie AWS Architecture blog post, (*A serverless solution for invoking AWS Lambda at a sub-minute frequency*)[https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/architecture/a-serverless-solution-for-invoking-aws-lambda-at-a-sub-minute-frequency/], written by **Emanuele Menga**. I made it as a constrcut library where you only need to care about a target Lambda function, how frequent and how long you want to execute.   

# Example  
## Typescript  
```bash
$ cdk --init language typescript
$ yarn add cdk-lambda-subminute
```  
```typescript
class TypescriptStack extends cdk.Stack {
  constructor(scope: cdk.Construct, id: string, props?: cdk.StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);

    const targetLabmda = new Function(this, 'targetFunction', {
      code: Code.fromInline('exports.handler = function(event, ctx, cb) { return cb(null, "hi"); })'), // It's just a simple function for demonstration purpose only.
      functionName: 'testTargetFunction',
      runtime: Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
      handler: 'index.handler',
    });
    const cronJobExample = 'cron(50/1 15-17 ? * SUN-SAT *)';
    const subminuteMaster = new LambdaSubminute(this, 'LambdaSubminute', { targetFunction: targetLabmda, conjobExpression: cronJobExample });

    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'OStateMachineArn', { value: subminuteMaster.stateMachineArn });
    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'OIteratorFunctionArn', { value: subminuteMaster.iteratorFunction.functionArn });
  }
}

const app = new cdk.App();
new TypescriptStack(app, 'TypescriptStack', {
  /* If you don't specify 'env', this stack will be environment-agnostic.
         * Account/Region-dependent features and context lookups will not work,
         * but a single synthesized template can be deployed anywhere. */

  /* Uncomment the next line to specialize this stack for the AWS Account
         * and Region that are implied by the current CLI configuration. */
  // env: { account: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT, region: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_REGION },

  /* Uncomment the next line if you know exactly what Account and Region you
         * want to deploy the stack to. */
  // env: { account: '123456789012', region: 'us-east-1' },

  /* For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/environments.html */
});
```
## Python  
## Java  
## C#  

# Statemachine Diagram  
![image](/images/statemachine_diagram.png)  


# Known issue  
Originally, I utilized `PythonFuncion` in the module of [**@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-python**](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-lambda-python-readme.html) to build the iterator Lambda function. Every thing works fine, including test, on my local machine (MacBook Pro M1), until it comes to the CI in Github Actions, it awlays gave me the following message:  
```bash
## cdk version: 1.105.0 (build 4813992)
Bundling did not produce any output. Check that content is written to /asset-output.

      64 |     }));
      65 |
    > 66 |     this.function = new PythonFunction(this, 'Iterator', {
         |                     ^
      67 |       functionName: 'lambda-subminute-iterator',
      68 |       description: 'A function for breaking the limit of 1 minute with the CloudWatch Rules.',
      69 |       logRetention: RetentionDays.THREE_MONTHS,

      at AssetStaging.bundle (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:484:13)
      at AssetStaging.stageByBundling (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:328:10)
      at stageThisAsset (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:194:35)
      at Cache.obtain (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/private/cache.ts:24:13)
      at new AssetStaging (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:219:44)
      at new Asset (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-s3-assets/lib/asset.ts:127:21)
      at AssetCode.bind (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/lib/code.ts:277:20)
      at new Function (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/lib/function.ts:583:29)
      at new PythonFunction (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-python/lib/function.ts:106:5)
      at new IteratorLambda (src/cdk-lambda-subminute.ts:66:21)
      at new LambdaSubminute (src/cdk-lambda-subminute.ts:25:22)
      at Object.<anonymous>.test (test/integ.test.ts:23:3)
```
I actually have tried many different methods according to the following threads but to no avail.  I'll attempt to test some thoughs or just post the issue onto the CDK Github repo.  
* [Asset Bundling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-s3-assets-readme.html#asset-bundling)  
* [Change the bundler's /asset-output local volume mount location #8589](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/8589)  
* [(aws-lambda-python: PythonFunction): unable to use bundling in BitBucket #14156](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14516)  
* [BundlingDockerImage.cp() needs to be explained more in the README #11914](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/11914)

Commit message:

modify construct export every class that the construct uses

README.md, after:

# cdk-lambda-subminute
This construct creates a state machine that can invoke a Lambda function per time unit which can be less than one minute, such as invoking every 10 seconds. You only need to craft a Lambda function and then assign it as an argument into the construct. An example is included.  
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)  
[![Build](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/build.yml) [![Release](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/workflows/Release/badge.svg)](https://github.com/HsiehShuJeng/cdk-lambda-subminute/actions/workflows/release.yml)  
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://pypi.org/) [![pip](https://img.shields.io/badge/pip%20install-cdk--lambda--subminute-blue)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-lambda-subminute/)  
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk-lambda-subminute) [![pypi evrsion](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-lambda-subminute/) [![Maven](https://search.maven.org/search?q=a:cdk-lambda-subminute)](https://search.maven.org/) [![nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Lambda.Subminute)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Lambda.Subminute/)  

# Serverless Architecture  
<p align="center"><img src="/images/cdk_lambda_subminute.png"/></p>  

# Introduction  
This construct library is reffered to thie AWS Architecture blog post, [*A serverless solution for invoking AWS Lambda at a sub-minute frequency*](https://aws.amazon.com/tw/blogs/architecture/a-serverless-solution-for-invoking-aws-lambda-at-a-sub-minute-frequency/), written by **Emanuele Menga**. I made it as a constrcut library where you only need to care about a target Lambda function, how frequent and how long you want to execute.   

# Example  
## Typescript  
You could also refer to [here](/src/demo/typescript/).    
```bash
$ cdk --init language typescript
$ yarn add cdk-lambda-subminute
```  
```typescript
class TypescriptStack extends cdk.Stack {
  constructor(scope: cdk.Construct, id: string, props?: cdk.StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);

    const targetLabmda = new Function(this, 'targetFunction', {
      code: Code.fromInline('exports.handler = function(event, ctx, cb) { return cb(null, "hi"); })'), // It's just a simple function for demonstration purpose only.
      functionName: 'testTargetFunction',
      runtime: Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
      handler: 'index.handler',
    });
    const cronJobExample = 'cron(50/1 15-17 ? * SUN-SAT *)';
    const subminuteMaster = new LambdaSubminute(this, 'LambdaSubminute', { targetFunction: targetLabmda, conjobExpression: cronJobExample });

    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'OStateMachineArn', { value: subminuteMaster.stateMachineArn });
    new cdk.CfnOutput(this, 'OIteratorFunctionArn', { value: subminuteMaster.iteratorFunction.functionArn });
  }
}

const app = new cdk.App();
new TypescriptStack(app, 'TypescriptStack', {
  /* If you don't specify 'env', this stack will be environment-agnostic.
         * Account/Region-dependent features and context lookups will not work,
         * but a single synthesized template can be deployed anywhere. */

  /* Uncomment the next line to specialize this stack for the AWS Account
         * and Region that are implied by the current CLI configuration. */
  // env: { account: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT, region: process.env.CDK_DEFAULT_REGION },

  /* Uncomment the next line if you know exactly what Account and Region you
         * want to deploy the stack to. */
  // env: { account: '123456789012', region: 'us-east-1' },

  /* For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/environments.html */
});
```
## Python
You could also refer to [here](/src/demo/python/).   
```bash
# upgrading related Python packages
$ python -m ensurepip --upgrade
$ python -m pip install --upgrade pip
$ python -m pip install --upgrade virtualenv
# initialize a CDK Python project
$ cdk init --language python
# make packages installed locally instead of globally
$ source .venv/bin/activate
$ cat <<EOL > requirements.txt
aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.aws-lambda
cdk-lambda-subminute
EOL
$ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```  
```python
```
## Java  
## C#  

# Statemachine Diagram  
![image](/images/statemachine_diagram.png)  


# Known issue  
Originally, I utilized `PythonFuncion` in the module of [**@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-python**](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-lambda-python-readme.html) to build the iterator Lambda function. Every thing works fine, including test, on my local machine (MacBook Pro M1), until it comes to the CI in Github Actions, it awlays gave me the following message:  
```bash
## cdk version: 1.105.0 (build 4813992)
Bundling did not produce any output. Check that content is written to /asset-output.

      64 |     }));
      65 |
    > 66 |     this.function = new PythonFunction(this, 'Iterator', {
         |                     ^
      67 |       functionName: 'lambda-subminute-iterator',
      68 |       description: 'A function for breaking the limit of 1 minute with the CloudWatch Rules.',
      69 |       logRetention: RetentionDays.THREE_MONTHS,

      at AssetStaging.bundle (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:484:13)
      at AssetStaging.stageByBundling (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:328:10)
      at stageThisAsset (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:194:35)
      at Cache.obtain (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/private/cache.ts:24:13)
      at new AssetStaging (node_modules/@aws-cdk/core/lib/asset-staging.ts:219:44)
      at new Asset (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-s3-assets/lib/asset.ts:127:21)
      at AssetCode.bind (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/lib/code.ts:277:20)
      at new Function (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/lib/function.ts:583:29)
      at new PythonFunction (node_modules/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda-python/lib/function.ts:106:5)
      at new IteratorLambda (src/cdk-lambda-subminute.ts:66:21)
      at new LambdaSubminute (src/cdk-lambda-subminute.ts:25:22)
      at Object.<anonymous>.test (test/integ.test.ts:23:3)
```
I actually have tried many different methods according to the following threads but to no avail.  I'll attempt to test some thoughs or just post the issue onto the CDK Github repo.  
* [Asset Bundling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/aws-s3-assets-readme.html#asset-bundling)  
* [Change the bundler's /asset-output local volume mount location #8589](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/8589)  
* [(aws-lambda-python: PythonFunction): unable to use bundling in BitBucket #14156](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/14516)  
* [BundlingDockerImage.cp() needs to be explained more in the README #11914](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/11914)
